[Music]
castaway
2000 explained the movie starts and we
know about the life of chuck noland who
was trapped on an island
he remained there for four years the
scene starts in a company and we notice
chuck he takes his work seriously
officer wants that every courier should
be received on time
he visits out of the country for this
reason there are company branches and he
receives
appreciation from employees he tells
them the value of time
chuck is in love with a girl named kelly
their relationship is strong so willing
to marry
but they cannot marry because of the
busy routine of business
christmas is being near and chuck has a
business tour in malaysia
he has to go in case of company work
chuck assures kelly that he will return
back on new year
kelly says how will i spend my christmas
chuck takes her consent chuck and kelly
give each other christmas
kelly gifts him a watch in which kelly's
photo is fixed
now chuck departs to malaysia but a
storm burst out and his aircraft is
crashed
and it is a private aircraft of the
company there are also four more persons
in the aircraft
and this aircraft crashed down into
pacific ocean
only chuck is survived who is flowed
with the running water of the sea
waking up in the morning he finds
himself in a raft
chuck is worried seeing no one in the
surroundings
chuck calls there but there is no mark
of human being
he writes a big text help on the ground
so that any overhead passing aircraft
may come to help
knight falls and he sleeps waking up in
the next morning
he checks that his written word help has
removed
now he writes using a wooden piece he is
assured that someone will come for his
help
noticing this mark they will move here
now
chuck feels appetite but he gets nothing
in the flowed packages of company
now chuck hears a sound of something
looking in his surroundings
he observes a fallen coconut he comes to
know that it is the sound of coconut
he gets nothing except coconut drink he
survives by drinking it
chuck has passed three days here his
feet are also injured because of the
lying rocks in the sea
he is barefooted cutting his pant half
he wraps its piece around his feet so
that he may avoid pain
there he notices a peak of a mountain he
decides to climb it up at any cost
he thinks the possibility of climbing it
up and estimating
he is able to reach that peak
successfully
now he notices something swimming in the
sea coming down
he is left astonished that it was the
dead body of his aircraft pilot
he weeps a lot and arranges his burial
but before burying
he keeps his torchlight and shoes he was
habituated to live on this island
he survives drinking the fallen jew drop
on leaves
he wants to catch the fish but cannot
succeed
he does not get anything except jew
drops and coconut drink
he depends on him while eating seeing a
ship in the sea at night
he is over excited he turns on the
lights of torch calling but all in vain
next day he decides to leave the island
taking the raft that
he had he had known there is no one
while escaping he is drowned into the
sea because of the strong speedy waves
of the sea
meanwhile his foot is wounded and also
bleeds
chuck returns back and rain also starts
noticing a cave he moves inside to spend
the night there
he turns on the torch turning on the
torch the whole night
its battery is load he has nothing
like a torch for light even he does not
know how the fire ignited
now he comes back and gets a few things
in the company package which was flowed
with him
opening it he only finds one a two
useful things for him as skating shoes
which have blades at its below side
he cuts the coconut with it easily now
he can cut anything
he cuts a wooden stick shaping it pointy
he catches the fish he cannot eat the
raw fish so tries his best to light the
fire but in vain
[Music]
chuck hits upon a plan as rubbing two
woods he may be successful
and it happens the same as getting
success
first time he feels happiness coming on
the beach
a football is also being seen by chuck
in the company package and it attained
chuck's blood
he makes eyes nose and lips on it with
his hand shaping it a human face
making him his friend he converses with
him and keeps it beside the fire for
drying
he names it wilson there is one more
problem aroused there which is his
toothache
it is a chronic pain but he never checks
it up now
chuck wants to pull the tooth and does
and he is fainted with it
he spends four years on the island with
the passage of time
he knows the way of survival within four
years
his appearances deteriorated with the
growing hair of his beard and head
he seems feeble he was trained too much
to catch the fish throwing a stick
chuck had become the close friend of
wilson with whom he used to talk
while eating the fish he hears a sound
one day
seeing there he discovers a steel sheet
and he hits upon an idea as through this
help he can escape from here
whenever he tries to escape but sea
waves become the hindrance while
escaping
now he makes a boat cutting the wood of
coconut and he fixes the steel sheet at
its front
whereas making a boat was not an easy
task but he decides to escape when the
air will be mild
he fixes the steel sheet frontward so
that he may push the water through it
sitting in the boat
and he may move ahead putting wilson in
the boat
he sails he faces the big waves in the
voyage but the sea distance still
remained
he does not know that when will the land
be visible
he was optimistic of reaching at house
but it was not a child play
he has to face the worst circumstance in
the voyage
he arranges the edible things he saves
fish as food while rainwater for
drinking
he gathers the rainwater in the coconut
shell he keeps them safe to use it in
difficult times
at first sight chuck's football that is
his friend wilson is fallen into the sea
it has crossed a distance when he knows
about it
jumping into the water he exerts to save
wilson but unsucceeded
returning back into the raft he weeps a
lot
wilson had accompanied him within these
four years
chuck had become touchy with it because
it was not just a football for him
so he is saddened because of this loss
now chuck was very
tired after the voyage of many days and
a ship passes before his raft
the sailor saves him after seeing chuck
was returned back but notices the change
his friends and relatives had thought
that he was no more
and his beloved friend kelly was married
now she also has a daughter
chuck goes to meet her and she embraces
him feeling pleasure
now kelly is married so everything is
useless
their ways are separated chuck returns
the given watch of kelly because it is
kelly's family watch
he keeps the photo of the watch kelly
says to him
you had promised me to return back
apologizing
he is nearly to go kelly is still in
love with chuck but she has her own
family so she cannot go
kelly has the gifted car of chuck she
returns it back and chuck leaves taking
this car
seeing him kelly becomes sad and runs
after him
consequently chuck also returns and they
embrace each other
kelly tells him i know that you are
alive and surely will return
but i had to marry under the pressure of
everyone
they express their love for each other
chuck drops her at her house lifting in
the car
he says that i do not want to break your
relationship
now chuck is sitting with his friend and
tells him that i had also tried to
commit suicide on the beach
while executing myself the thought of
kelly had touched my thought that i have
to go to her
returning back i knew that i have lost
her
time taught kelly to choose her life
direction
and she got married now chuck was left
alone but life has to move on
at the end chuck has a left package
which he brings from the island
after drowning the aircraft many
packages come on the shore of the sea
he thinks to open him after returning to
the house
but he does not do as such he comes back
to return the package but finds no one
writing a paper note he leaves at the
door on which the statement is
this package saved my life then he
leaves from there
now we notice chuck on the muddy way
where he is looking at a map
where should he go a coming girl tells
him the way
her car has the same wing mark that a
package has
now chuck pursues her and she goes to
the same house where chuck had left a
paper note
she has also lost her partner the unity
of chuck and bettina may be possible in
future
chuck has the ray of hope in his eyes
and the film story ends here
you